As of right now, our story line follows the unfortunate crash landing of a cruise boat on an island. The main character is trying to find their way off the island and trying to survive the curve balls that the island presents them. The character has two options, try to signal for help or to build shelter. There is three ways to survive. One being the character being rescued by a helicopter, the other being a tribe on the island taking in the character and they live out the rest of their days on the island. The last one would be if you choose to not go on the cruise at all, thus saving your life!

The screenshot mainly shows that we fixed a situtation where players may build a shelter and then be brought back to buiTlt shelter so we added some additional logic. Some of the choices will lead the player back to the beginning, resulting in the player doing the same tasks until the get to an ending. There is a possibility that the character dies in the process of survival, so choose wisely!

With the one workshop day, we were able to split up the work that we wanted to get done. We made basically the entire story. We added photos and connected all the cards we also began to add some sound. We found that currently we are unable to get the sound to play while the photos also appear Currently, our Twine game meets all the criteria and if we have time, we will definitely try for aspirational goals! After discussing in class the baseline and aspirational goals, we hope to create a game that will leave people wondering: can I survive?

